 This is really a two-hour presentation I give to high school students cut down to three minutes.  I started one day on a plane on my way to Ted seven years ago.  In the seat next to me was a high school student at teenager and she came from a really poor family.  She wanted to make something of her life.  She asked me a simple little question.  She said, what leads to success.  I felt really badly because I couldn't give her a good answer.  I get off the plane and I come to Ted.  I think, geez, I'm in the middle of a room of successful people.  So why don't I ask them what helped them succeed and pass it on to kids?  So here we are.  Seven years, 500 interviews later, and I'm going to tell you what really leads to success and makes Ted's just take.  And the first thing is passion.  Freeman Thomas says, I'm driven by my passion.  Ted's just do it for love.  They don't do it for money.  Carol Collettis says, I would pay someone to do what I do.  The interesting thing is if you do it for love, the money comes anyway.  Work.  Rupert Murdoch said to me, it's all hard work.  Nothing comes easily.  But I have a lot of fun.  Did he say, fun?  Rupert?  Yes.  Ted's just do have fun working and they work hard.  I figured they're not workaholics.  They're workahphrolics.  Good.  Alice Garden says, the B successful.  Put your nose down and something and get damn good at it.  There's no magic.  It's practice practice practice.  And it's focused.  Normadjuice and said to me, I think it all has to do with focusing yourself on one thing.  And push.  David Gallos says, push yourself.  Physically, manly, you've got to push, push, push.  You've got to push through shyness and self-doubt.  Goldie Hans says, I always had self-doubt.  I wasn't good enough.  I wasn't smart enough.  I didn't think I'd make it.  Now it's not always easy to push yourself.  That's why they invented mothers.  Frank Gary said to me, my mother pushed me.  Serve.  Sure, when Newman says it was a privilege to serve as a doctor.  Now a lot of kids tell me they want to be millionaires.  And the first thing I say to them is, okay,  well, you can't serve yourself.  You've got to serve others something of value.  Because that's the way people really get rich.  Ideas.  Ted's to Bill Gates says, I had an idea.  Founding the first microcomputer software company.  I'd say it was a pretty good idea.  And there's no magic to create,  Tiffany, and coming up with ideas is just doing some very simple things.  And I give lots of evidence.  Persist.  Joe Kraus says, persistence is a number one reason for our success.  You've got to persist through failure.  You've got to persist through crap, which, of course,  means criticism, rejection, assholes, and pressure.  So the big answer to this question is,  simple, pay 4,000 bucks and come to Ted.  Or failing that, do the eight things and trust me.  These are the big eight things that lead to success.  Thank you, teachers, for all your interviewer.  That's good.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.